docs: add Bitbucket.org setup guide (#858)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/vcs-integration/bitbucket-org.md

![bitbucket-admin-settings](/static/docs/vcs-integration/add-git-provider/bitbucket-admin-settings.webp)

Go to **OAuth consumers** from the sidebar, then click **Add consumer** button.

![vcs-bitbucket-step](/static/docs/vcs-integration/add-git-provider/vcs-bitbucket-step1.webp)

Fill in the form with the provided info on the Bytebase setup wizard:

- **Name**: Can be other names than "Bytebase", as long as the workspace admin can identify this consumer is for "Bytebase"
- **Callback URL**: Begins with the **host:port** where the Bytebase console is running, and followed by **/oauth/callback**. This is the URI Bitbucket uses to callback Bytebase during the OAuth flow.
- **Permissions**: Account > Read, Webhooks > Read and write, Repositories > Write

Click the **Save** button after filling the info on Bitbucket.org and you will see a created consumer, along with its Key and Secret.

### Step 2.2 - Verify setup

Fill in the **Application ID** and **Secret** onto the corresponding fields on the Bytebase setup wizard:

![vcs-bitbucket-step](/static/docs/vcs-integration/add-git-provider/vcs-bitbucket-step4.webp)

> After you click "**Next**", Bytebase will kick off an OAuth flow to verify the setup. If you are not currently logged on GitHub.com. You will be prompted to login to complete the OAuth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you click "**Next**", Bytebase will kick off an OAuth flow to verify the setup. If you are not currently logged on Bitbucket.org. You will be prompted to login to complete the OAuth.
```
